ðŸ“– Transcript

Meeting Feb 12, 2025 at 08:56 CST -

TRANSCRIPT
00:00:00
Matthew Capps: Hey, we made it. Yeah, I'm getting an echo from you. Typo. Maybe it's
me. I don't know.
Dominick Garey: No, couldn't me. Are we okay now? Looks like we're okay now.
Matthew Capps: Yeah, we're good. You sound great.
Kevin Mohr: Indeed. But I kind of want to see what ratio is. I want to try this thing, this
new
Matthew Capps: Hi, Matthew.
Kevin Mohr: video.
Matthew Capps: Hey. Yeah, we should we should for sure. Yeah. Just didn't I wanted to
make sure that uh if this one was going to work and other people were trying to get to
this location that we could um rendevous here, right? And
Dominick Garey: for
Matthew Capps: get started.
Dominick Garey: sure.
Kevin Mohr: Right.
Dominick Garey: I was looking at the meeting and I was logged in under my personal
account.
Kevin Mohr: It's all good. We're here now. That's what matters.
Matthew Capps: We are
Kevin Mohr: Let's give it
Matthew Capps: all
Kevin Mohr: a
00:01:13
Matthew Capps: right.
Kevin Mohr: second here.
Matthew Capps: I'm just pinging uh pinging Ben. Is Ben gonna
Dominick Garey: I
Matthew Capps: be talking? Yeah. Yeah.
Dominick Garey: I did see he tried to join. Um let's see. He is. He should be able to
Kevin Mohr: Ratio dropped his link if you want to go there.
Matthew Capps: Let's just stick with this one for now. I mean, because we've got other
people trying to get to this one, right? So, uh,
Kevin Mohr: I don't know if he's going to show up. He's anti like Google and stuff. So,
let's see. Hello, Ben. Excellent. All right. Ben's in the other one. So, and he can't he
can't figure out how to get into this one. So,
Dominick Garey: I was going to say if you can send him the link again and I can just
make sure to be on it, but it's whatever.
Matthew Capps: Yeah, just sending Ben the link again. We'll see if we can get him in
here.
00:02:47
Dominick Garey: Awesome. Hey, Newman.
Newman Lanier: How's it going?
Ben O'Hanlon: I'm just going to get
Dominick Garey: Good
Ben O'Hanlon: the guys
Dominick Garey: man.
Ben O'Hanlon: to come over here.
Matthew Capps: All righty. Great. Well, we've uh Oh, we're still missing ratio, but let's
see if I can uh
Newman Lanier: Uh, he told me about it. Uh oh, there's a he g he sent me a a
message that's with a new a Jity me uh link. Are we meeting over
Ben O'Hanlon: Okay.
Newman Lanier: there?
Ben O'Hanlon: Is this the is this the real DREP collective call or is it one of the fake
ones that are rolling around?
Dominick Garey: You know, he know it's the real and uncut.
Derrick Oatway: Is there fake DREP calls now? That's If so,
Ben O'Hanlon: There's
Derrick Oatway: that's good news.
Ben O'Hanlon: there's another DEP collective, right, that
Derrick Oatway: Oh,
Ben O'Hanlon: was
Derrick Oatway: yeah.
Ben O'Hanlon: owned.
Derrick Oatway: Yeah, I seen that.
Ben O'Hanlon: Yeah.
Matthew Capps: slide deck you worked on.
Kevin Mohr: So, I didn't do much work on this one, but um because we don't really
have our communication set up for this yet.
00:04:20
Kevin Mohr: Let's see here. There we go. Yeah. So, welcome to the deer collective
meeting number six. And um highlights from last meeting. I didn't put these on here. Um
I believe this was you, Matthew, not me. Uh we identified leads and contributors for
each work stream and then we agreed to return next week with initial plans of action for
each work stream and then we reviewed uh current progress on the website that uh
Alpine and Dagwell have been working on. So that's a little quick summary of last
meeting agenda for this meeting. We're going to have workstream updates. Um and
then we're going to have any sort of general discussion, any sort of items we want to
bring up. Okay. All right. Yeah. And then introductions. We have some new people here.
Um would anyone like to to start by introducing themselves? Um
glafkos mitsidis: Yeah, sure. Hi guys.
Kevin Mohr: but
glafkos mitsidis: I'm I'm I'm new here, so I'm uh trying to see uh what this uh collective
is all about, what we're what what work is being done here.
00:05:43
glafkos mitsidis: So, um I'll just observe if you don't mind and just if I can pitch it my
way, I'll be glad to.
Kevin Mohr: sounds good. And the Newman, we've we've seen you before. Do you
want to introduce yourself?
Newman Lanier: which I think is the foundation. Uh and uh Gimma Labs and Odin
community are my uh where my my hangouts
Kevin Mohr: have to. Oh, Ben, yes. You have something to say.
Ben O'Hanlon: I just just for like people that are new to it um if you indulge 60 seconds
Kevin I promise this 60 seconds right I I just say like the origins of this call working
group was um on the one hand I was advocating that um you know uh we could
improve metadata so that dreps could self-report roles and sectors and things like that
which would mean they're less dependent on kind of like gatekeepers of perspective or
or information and that if they to exchange their view of the ecosystem, they get a view
of all the points which is going to help with decentralized sense making which is a
precursor for decentralized decision- making.
00:07:08
Ben O'Hanlon: So I kind of wanted to advocate around improving metadata and
basically we could use visual ecosystem maps with that metadata to help the whole
community be empowered and understanding what the ecosystem looks like and and
where these dreps are which means they could differentiate themselves. you would
improve discovery because it's a decentralized distribution channel the ecosystem
maps. So I had all these crazy ideas that I won't go any further into and then I met the
DEP collective and they had awesome crazy ideas as well right around like sell bar
NFTts and we got on a call and like we all got really excited and we were like well hang
on like even when uh Kevin showed his like slides for the D collective he's like oh well
one of the targets is we need you know 300 DR repres forum and we've got like 400
DREPs in there right now and so so there was just this kind of lots of ingredients on the
board and it just was like wow we're so aligned but we've been working separately but it
almost seems like in parallel and so um that's why I'm here because I really believe that
uh we have to move from this position of there being these experts or or leading
orchestrators that have the correct opinion into into um a place where people can
access what other people are seeing and hearing but navigate it more easily.
00:08:44
Kevin Mohr: And uh just just for the record, Matthew is now the moderator in terms of
cutting people off, not me. So I'm not going to do that. All right. Excellent. Good. There's
an understanding there. All right. Yeah. So, um, now we got the introductions out of the
way here. Workstream updates. So, this is mine as a coordination guy. And uh as you
can see this morning I thought that I owned the uh the link to this Google meet. It is
actually I believe still owned by Dagwell. Um we are recording right? We did.
Matthew Capps: We
Kevin Mohr: Yeah.
Matthew Capps: are
Kevin Mohr: Okay. Excellent. Excellent. And so um I did a little moderation setup with
uh ratio or not ratio um with Matthew. I made him moderator of like Telegram and
WhatsApp and and Discord and whatever. Uh we worked with GitHub, uh Ratio and I
did and Matthew and Ratio on their own.
00:09:48
Kevin Mohr: That was like two separate meetings. I checked in on Dominic and um and
Derek here. And uh they'll they said they might have something to present to us today.
I'm hoping that's still true. Um, consolidated some of the minutes from the last two
meetings on GitHub, took them off of the Cardono forums, put them on there, too, just
for, you know, good recordkeeping. Uh, what's next? Hopefully, you know, um, do a little
promotional campaign and get to the ecosystem map and minting. I think that we've got
the workstream sort of set up. So as long as we can um you know do use the work
streams properly that's that's cool with me. Um needs uh eventually we need to start
looking into funds. Everyone sort of needs this but especially people that are doing
development. Um not to say that anyone's work doing administrative stuff or GitHub
stuff or you know social media is not important but if we cannot get the development
there's no point in promoting everything to the wider ecosystem.
00:10:54
Kevin Mohr: So um that'll bring us to the second workstream DAG well uh metadata
standards. I didn't get anything from you from the forms or anything.
Dominick Garey: Yeah, I'll jump on I'll jump on really quick. Um, please excuse me.
We're we're registering with Puro to start distributing carbon credits on the chain and it
it's a paperwork nightmare, but it also helped me think about metadata. Um, there are
like so many different forms and buckets that you have to fill out. And I'm just like, gosh,
if they had a metadata list that would make me know exactly what I'm looking for and
easily highlight what pages I need, this process would be so much smoother. Um, so
just continuing on, we've um, and I think we'll show you in the demonstration, but we
have outlined what we feel is a standard that represents, and we'll talk a little bit more
about how we collect that information in a bit. Um, but for right now, we are hopefully
turning into the corner of a clear feedback stage where we're going to have people, hey,
I don't like this.
00:11:56
Dominick Garey: I do like this. Um, to complement the work that we've already done.
So, thank you.
Kevin Mohr: All right. Excellent. Um, and by the way, did anyone have any questions
for me or Dagwell on what we just said? Yes, Ben.
Ben O'Hanlon: uh just that like um in short term we're throwing this stuff together proof
of concept etc etc it it there needs to be a work stream we need to be thinking about
and maybe I need help with it of like let we need to make sure insects aware of it not
just the people I've socialized with it but over the past week or two we need to be going
into the marketing working group and thinking how we're going to do that Matt and going
into civics okay
Matthew Capps: Not the whole thing. The MCC is part in some of the the general
strategic bits, but not uh line by line yet. I will be going through it.
Kevin Mohr: and we're I'll jump right to Matthew your slide here so we can go right into
partnerships.
00:13:16
Kevin Mohr: So feel free to speak on that.
Matthew Capps: Sure. Yeah. Um Oh. Uh okay. Yeah. So, we'll we'll loop back around to
to exist mapping then with Ben. Um Yes. So, the uh no no updates from work on the
past week. Uh what I need to hear actually is one to identify existing partnerships and
two to um just check with each of the workstream owners what kinds of partnerships
they do or you know maybe don't need but um so that's something that I can do um
either now in the time uh in just like a couple of minutes we could sort of bounce around
the room and just identify any existing partnerships and then if people want to go away
and think about that we can also deal with some of it async, but um Ben, you just
mentioned Intersect. So that's that's one that I'll note down here. Um for for funding in
particular, are
Ben O'Hanlon: Well,
Matthew Capps: there
Ben O'Hanlon: I
Matthew Capps: other
Ben O'Hanlon: think it's a a
00:14:14
Matthew Capps: Yeah.
Ben O'Hanlon: c a core thing is getting involved in the marketing working group and
presented to them and so that we don't put anyone's nose out of joint or we didn't we
pitched it to the these people but we should have we should involve civics so that they
understand it and and they're familiar with it as well. So somewhere in here I'm kind of
thinking there's a proposal that we're writing and and also you know um what's the
MVP? What is the timeline? So I think there's probably a proposal that we need to write.
Doesn't have to be today. I'm just saying like by the time this budget thing gets
happening insect need to know this is for anyone that's not familiar. I think that intersect
is a coordination mechanism. And actually I'm kind of I'm making a false assumption
because some people were crit critical of insects. So let me dial it back a little bit and
just make the case. Right? My argument would be that the best place that you could
show metadata and ecosystem maps being used would be insect because they are a
coordinating mechanism.
00:15:19
Ben O'Hanlon: Where they've where they're challenged or falling down is on the
communication side. So, you know, either you got to be in a working group, which
requires time um and being in one place at a specific time. That's a high barrier, right?
Or you've got to read a bunch of um notes and information, but the people that are
putting that information out are haven't historically, I think, checked that it's landing with
the right audience. And so, for that reason, a lot of good work in insect doesn't get seen
or valued appropriately. And I would make the argument to insect, you are a
coordination mechanism. you are your members and so you need to visually show
people your coordination mechanism and DERPs are ultimately going to vote on your
budget and this is us the DEP collective selling this to intersect right and we're saying
do you it would be amazing if you had a portal or a map on your website that people
could navigate and and um and the ecosystem and understand where the dreps are
and we could help you improve the metadata we could help you create this dre
ecosystem app and then we could help you bring wallets together to airdrop that
ecosystem map to all these active ADA holders so that you're going to reduce ADA
apathy and increase the amount of ADA that's active in participation.
00:16:33
Ben O'Hanlon: Right? Um now that's the pitch to sell. So therefore I think our biggest
marketing billboard like we we're not giving it to Intersect like they own it. We're saying
we'll do this for you as a service in the short term. We're proof of concepting it. In the
long term, you need to give us some sustainable funding, but it's our best marketing
billboard for the DREP collective and the metadata. And when you've rolled out the
improvement proposals through the SIPs and you create this proof of concept with the
map and the DREPs on it, you could then roll that out across other ecosystems like
Bitcoin, Ethereum, Algorand um and do the same thing.
Matthew Capps: Yeah, let's uh yeah, let's maybe we can get to a little bit more on the
vision there uh in the ecosystem mapping section. Um because that's that's coming up
for you in your work work stream, Ben. Um are there any other I just want to double
check. Are there any other existing partnerships that uh we know of or uh any of you on
your work streams that know you need a partnership that you don't currently have that I
should start thinking about as the owner of this one?
00:18:10
Dominick Garey: We already are. I'm SP.
Matthew Capps: XSPO. So maybe SPOS's, maybe DAO builders, but those are
probably future things to think about. Um, okay, great. Yeah,
Dominick Garey: What?
Matthew Capps: so
Dominick Garey: Uh
Matthew Capps: that that gives me a place to start. Oh, D.
Dominick Garey: um yeah also yeah that's an interesting thing because uh we run a
stake point we have that's that's interesting how they connect I was you know I had a
little confusion while we were voting on the constitution um another thing is that um and
we this might not be relevant right now but um mama project we we help host the
Hawaii blockchain summit um and you know I I want to talk to Ben uh to everyone but to
Ben in specific Specifically, the thing about Hawaii, it's already got the infrastructure for
um Japanese uh tourists. It's like number three on the tourist destination list. So, a lot of
the infrastructure is already in Japanese. It's already there. Um I just I feel like it's an
opportunity.
00:19:17
Dominick Garey: Um so, uh we have that partnership and we could um we could get a
governance, um slot if we wanted to send someone there, maybe do a booth or
something. It could be marketing or something of that nature. But it is um a way for us to
mix up with the um with the crypto community at large and also have a pretty big have a
pretty big stage like um because we can do like a a governance for like an hour a panel.
We could do a DREP collective within um the blockchain governance. So I think it's just
a really good way to um to really go after those um Japanese uh uh DREPs. That is our
main focus. It's just the infrastructure is already there. So, I just
Matthew Capps: What's what's the name of that? Uh the
Dominick Garey: Oh, it's
Matthew Capps: current
Dominick Garey: the the the Hawaiian Blockchain Summit.
Matthew Capps: Okay.
Dominick Garey: And last year was the was that uh
Matthew Capps: Hawaiian
Dominick Garey: the
Matthew Capps: Blockchain
00:20:13
Dominick Garey: it's
Matthew Capps: Summit
Dominick Garey: it is and we we're behind the scenes. We're actually doing a little
coordinating with Wear Bloom to see if we can get like a sustainability track. Um so,
possibly a partnership there as well. Um but right now it's in September. Last year it was
scheduled like almost the same time as consensus. Um so that worked against them.
Um but this year um it's just it's like an open platform and I just something inside of me
when I heard when I heard the Japanese DREPs and just we we just got back um like
two or three months ago from Hawaii and just going there and seeing all the
infrastructure, seeing all the signs. I'm just like, "Oh my note, Hawaii, you you spent
billions of dollars building this tourist destination and it's it's very interesting." So
anyway, sorry.
Matthew Capps: Yeah.
Dominick Garey: Um so yeah, that is a a potential partnership um that we and I think
we should also look at the um you know rare Evo and the events that are
Cardonocentric or whatnot to get some partnerships a booth in there.
00:21:11
Dominick Garey: I really think everywhere Cardano's meeting governance is a part of
that. So I
Matthew Capps: Yeah.
Dominick Garey: think that we have an open invitation to bring the D collective to
anywhere people of Cardano are meeting. I think it's almost our responsibility in certain
in certain lights.
Matthew Capps: Yeah. Great points and thanks for that too.
Dominick Garey: Of course.
Matthew Capps: Uh if
Dominick Garey: Thank you.
Matthew Capps: any yeah if anybody else has uh you know thinks of somebody
partnership or need for a partnership uh drop it in the chat and otherwise I want to get
us moving on to uh our next section because we have we have eight of these work
streams. So um yeah and uh what I'm doing as well as we go along is anything that's
standing out as like a a big potential topic I'm putting that down in the general agenda
items at the end. So if we have a chance when we get down to those we can just uh
clean up the discussion on them. Uh, so actually I think Ben you're next with us is
mapping but do
00:22:03
Ben O'Hanlon: Oh,
Matthew Capps: you have
Ben O'Hanlon: okay.
Matthew Capps: a comment?
Ben O'Hanlon: I was say, oh, there's questions in chat just so like just so I don't keep
talking on the mic.
Matthew Capps: Gotcha.
Ben O'Hanlon: I put questions in there for you, Dagwell, in um in the chat. Uh what am
I on? What what's my slide of update?
Kevin Mohr: Yeah. So, Ben, uh, unilaterally last meeting, we made you the sort of head
of ecosystem mapping because
Ben O'Hanlon: Okay.
Kevin Mohr: whatever we want you to have the final say in anything we do for this. So,
uh, essentially you're the head of a work stream. Um, and we're going later Ratio is
going to go over like sort of stuff that we could do with those work streams. He's got
teams, he's got different forms, he's got development issues that can be raised via
GitHub.
Ben O'Hanlon: This is cool. So I thought I don't know whether we did this officially, but I
love the idea of a lazy consensus. Like if no one objects, that's what we're doing, right?
00:22:57
Ben O'Hanlon: Um the two the second thing is here like the way that I think I approach
this is if you think about the DREP collective as a community I need to go out and find
and evangelize for creatives to come in. So we need Yeah, there's a path. So there's a
path to funding. What I the first action item here for me, Matt, is probably scoping out a
brief that I could share with somebody like this is, you know, and I think we're going to
have to do this across multiple things, but in this case, what's the brief? Uh what's the
opportunity? You know, why this? Why me? Why you? Why this? Why now? Right?
Those four questions have to be answered. And then I can talk to creators, evangelize
it, but also say like this is probably what it looks like.
Dominick Garey: Eternal.
Matthew Capps: Yeah, I was I was simultaneously taking notes in the wrong in the
wrong box there. So, I'll I'll put that in the right one.
00:26:07
Dominick Garey: We'll see what we can do, buddy.
Matthew Capps: Excellent. So that's a potential other partnership too, right? Disco um
Yeah. Okay.
Dominick Garey: We get any
Matthew Capps: Nice. Nice. Great. So, so yeah, connect with Ben on that. Um, and
Ben Ben
Ben O'Hanlon: There
Matthew Capps: can
Ben O'Hanlon: is.
Matthew Capps: give
Ben O'Hanlon: So, someone pointed out one obvious thing. Um, and it's just dawning
on me again. Okay. So, I'm coming to you. I'm saying there's an opportunity. I'm saying
it's exciting. You're interested. Excellent. Okay. Um, the problem is we are if there's a
promise of future funds, I am creating expectations around those. And sorry, I'm talking
while I'm thinking here. And it's like, well, hang on. What what expectations specifically
are we making? and committing because it's just like hey Dominic oh we'll work it out
don't worry about it trust me bro just like whatever it's just trust
00:27:29
Dominick Garey: We
Ben O'Hanlon: me
Dominick Garey: got
Ben O'Hanlon: bro
Dominick Garey: it.
Ben O'Hanlon: and then worst of all it's like I mean you know we've all had experience
trying to build stuff and then you'll end up in a situation where maybe you promise
somebody too much right you know so it's an interesting thing about like at some point
we stack rank this stuff and say what's the most important thing in order of importance
and urgency how important Is it is my question to the group. How important is it that we
have some of those those answers? You know, I don't know. It's like we'd have to
engage Intersect. We'd have to have the funding proposal. Maybe something to think
about. What what what should I not be promising? Do you know what I'm saying? Like
what should I not be committing as to?
Dominick Garey: I don't know what we're thinking.
Matthew Capps: Nice.
Ratio: Yeah, I don't know if I can share my screen. I I'll try to. It's gonna It'll take away.
00:29:36
Ratio: I think it
Kevin Mohr: That's
Ratio: takes away Kevin's share.
Kevin Mohr: that's fine with me. Um yeah, the two things that we like if if we're asking
like what can we commit to what we need to know is like what can our developers do
and then two like how we've set up the GitHub to facilitate all of this. want to go into
development, I'm cool
Ratio: Well, do
Kevin Mohr: with that.
Ratio: Yeah. All right. I'm just going to go to the GitHub. Um, and just go through
everything that's pretty much on that slide. Um,
Kevin Mohr: All right, I'm gonna stop sharing.
Ratio: and I just have to figure out which tab to use. Anyway, I picked one. I don't know
if it's right. So, bear with me. That's No. All right. I get to the Damn it.
Newman Lanier: I'll
Ratio: All
Newman Lanier: jump
Ratio: right.
Newman Lanier: in with a little cheerleading while ratio gets It's going. I'm uh I'm really
stoked to see all y'all. This is uh this is cool.
00:30:55
Newman Lanier: And to sort of uh be introduced to Ben. Ben, I've seen you around on
the on the whatnot. And u so it's it's good to see some excitement around a a really cool
project in my mind. Um uh as far as as
Ben O'Hanlon: Thank
Newman Lanier: far
Ben O'Hanlon: you.
Newman Lanier: as uh sense making and e ecosystem mapping, mapping is is
certainly in my uh uh sphere of influence and um uh interest. Um I really like the uh the
way you're running this with the work streams and uh it feels like feels like this is a
there's a group of very mature uh uh decentralized workers here.
Ben O'Hanlon: Did you uh this isn't for the call, but the crazy idea that the two three
years out from today idea is an L2 where the nodes are people. And
Newman Lanier: Yeah.
Ben O'Hanlon: so all data is quantitative transactions what happened in the past but a
human sensor network is about how people are feeling and the challenges. So it's
actually future facing about probabilities. So that's the crazy idea is like an L2 I'm not not
saying it'll happen but maybe you could tokenize it.
00:32:11
Ben O'Hanlon: Maybe the tokens are actual utility where you can spend them to do
research with people within the ecosystem. network would be a mirror talk with you
because the nodes are being picked on a specific trait which is their depth of integration
in a role as opposed to say like an ambassador program where you're trying to get
people to be marketing but they suck, you know, okay, sorry about you you telling me
to? Yeah.
Newman Lanier: Yeah. Yeah.
Dominick Garey: keep them in line. Matthew
Ratio: All right. Um, so if y'all haven't been here, this is the uh the DREApp Collectives
GitHub account. Um, currently uh there's Dagwell, Alpine, myself, Kevin, and Kevin. Uh
the second Kevin account is the DREP collective email account. So just letting y'all
know everybody that's in the Discord server, that's all we have in the GitHub account.
Um so we need more people in the GitHub account. A lot of stuff that was being
discussed earlier can be handled here. First, we'll start with discussions. Discussions is
a great way to interact with the community.
00:33:41
Ratio: I've already built this out to where uh you got your different sections. Um it's very
similar to how Discord is set up with the you know with categories and channels except
for here it's called sections and categories. Um so all the build teams are already built
out and adding new teams or moving teams on here is is super easy. Uh general
discourse feedback suggestions you know just general feedback suggestions. Um and
here's what I did with the the three forms. I'm sticking here and then I'll go to the other
things that were done in in GitHub.
Newman Lanier: Up.
Ratio: These are the three forms that were initially uh created by Kevin I believe on
Google Docs or Google forms. So I recreated them here. Um this is the onboarding
form. So you click the onboarding link, you click new discussion and then your form is
here. And um anyway, so it asked for general identifying information, pseudonymous
stuff, your date, you know, what team you want to be with, and then ask some general
questions about if you're a DREP, you know, do you want more information, you know,
give us some relevant experience and stuff.
00:34:59
Ratio: So, you know, without ask asking for a CV, you're just kind of asking for like
basically the information that y'all just asked in a partnership. And then so this is
probably a a a probably a good way to onboard people to use this form. Um and
whenever they're done, whoever it is filling this out, all they do is hit start discussion. Uh
after you hit start discussion, it'll post up just like this. It'll post here in discussions. Um,
one thing I did not mention, I apologize, is here you'll see the labels. Um, so this is the
coordination team and then uh uh build team on boarding. So there's the labels that and
uh new labels can be created, additional labels can be created, labels can be deleted.
Um, but these can be referenced later on and I'll get to that. Um so that's the first form
that's the on boarding form and then you have the uh workstream report form. Same
thing I did mine yesterday for this week. Uh you click on it again very similar format. If
you want to drop a file in you know same you know just attach you hit the you know
paper clip or you can drag and drop enter the text files and again you hit start
discussion uh to post it.
00:36:27
Ratio: And the reason why it's here, reason why these are here is to kind of be uh you
know transparent about what's going on. Um and then the last last form is the developer
feedback form. Again, pretty much same layout. It's here. It's not permanent. Uh, you
know, I told um told Kevin and and Matthew that I wanted uh uh Dagwell and Alpine to
be the decider of uh where their where the developer feedback should be uh located.
So, you got these three. Uh I'll go let me go back to uh the workstream report real quick
and go to the one that I posted. And so if y'all aren't familiar with GitHub discussions, I
mean it's pretty much a discussion. Uh and then you can add comments to it,
suggestions, whatever. Uh discussion can be closed and I don't know maybe we come
up with the decision that you know after two weeks if there's no movement on this
particular uh uh feedback or this work stream form then we go ahead and close it. That
way it locks out all future uh discussions.
00:37:41
Ratio: Um, all right. So, that's it for the three forms. I'm just going to ask anybody got
any questions right now while we're here at the forums and the GitHub discussions. Um,
Matthew Capps: No, this is great. I we do have uh I mentioned earlier in in my when I
shared the call that like we have a whole bunch of different locations for some of these
um for some of these things. I think it would be great to consolidate a lot of them if we
can here into GitHub just because it's a nice um you know uh enduring format which is
very open and transparent um and easy to manage. So um I I love what you've done
here ratio. That's uh really nice.
Dominick Garey: and it it reflects the work that Rachel's already done on it. So, we
want to let that stand. Um, I love
Matthew Capps: Yeah.
Dominick Garey: that. Do you guys do you guys mind really
Ratio: Hey,
Dominick Garey: quick
Ratio: hey,
Dominick Garey: if before Ben goes if we can I think it's really important that we get
current feedback about the work we're doing so that way we know you know like if we're
going the right direction or
00:38:45
Matthew Capps: I think so. Yeah. Let's let's uh
Kevin Mohr: Show.
Ratio: let
Matthew Capps: we've
Kevin Mohr: Hold
Matthew Capps: got some good
Ratio: I'll
Kevin Mohr: on, hold
Ratio: make
Kevin Mohr: on.
Ratio: it I'll make this quick. All right.
Dominick Garey: I'm Target.
Ratio: So, I I won't go through everything on here. Um so anyway that's
Kevin Mohr: Show.
Ratio: the forums the forums and discussions and you have to be you have to have a
GitHub account in order to uh discuss things to talk to post up. Uh that's the same thing
on every other platform out there. Um to
Kevin Mohr: Show
Ratio: go back
Kevin Mohr: them the teams, the teams part of it. Next
Ratio: here's the uh here's the issues. This is the other area where if you want if you
click new issue again I created three templates. So there's a workstream uh template.
There's a uh there's an onboarding uh which is this ROS form. Probably needs a better
name. And then you got developer feedback. And this is typically where developer
feedback is at.
00:39:36
Ratio: In most organizations, it's under the issues uh section. So I leave that up to DAG
well and Alpine. Y'all discuss it. Or if you already know which way you want to go, then
go that way
Dominick Garey: Yes,
Ratio: uh
Dominick Garey: sir.
Ratio: and let me know. Um, and so we go, let's go back up real quick. Uh, here's the
teams. I kind of made it. Uh, I created these teams that kind of mirror our teams except
for there are right now there are three like uh main teams and underneath that um, you
know, you have the admin whatever GitHub archiving is under the admin side. Um and
then development you got the front end, the back end of metadata and the mapping and
um so for outreach you have social media marketing and then partnerships. Um so
those are teams I created and what you can actually do with that is under projects and
this is a project board I created yesterday. You can actually come in and uh assign you
can assign the teams. I don't think I've gotten to that part on here.
00:40:52
Ratio: Um, so and this is just a blank SIP amendment to SIP uh 119. Um, whenever you
create a new item, um, I don't know what you want to call it. Letter head. So it'll it'll
create it and then you can come in and change the status of it. Uh you can assign
people to it and this is where you would um then when you had all that information as
far as like stuff we need to do like that would go under like the backlog. It can be called
something different but under the backlog and then you can just move them across. If
y'all aren't familiar with them with the camb board, you can just move the item across as
it's done. Um and within within the forms itself they're issues, right? So that's all they
are. They just mirror the issues if the these are on the issue side and so you can uh
respond to this, add comments, etc. Um,
Matthew Capps: uh this is, you know, well, I think we'll focus a lot of attention on
GitHub. So, like refocus on that, guys.
00:42:19
Matthew Capps: If you uh uh you know, make sure that you're you're uh you've got that
link and if you don't already have a GitHub account, make sure you make one and jump
in there. Um so, thank you, Vio, so much for for that. And I want to now because I know
a lot of people have hard stops in about 10 minutes, uh get over to our final work
streams. So, uh, I'm going to leave aside the marketing, um, and communications one
for now, just because it's not as high priority. Um, and I think Dagwell, we go to you first
and then, uh, Alpine probably if you guys are happy with that order.
Dominick Garey: Yeah, we'll we'll if if you don't mind because we are short on time,
we'll we can we'll co-load it. Um
Matthew Capps: Sounds
Dominick Garey: and and
Matthew Capps: good.
Dominick Garey: this Yeah. Alpine, sir, do you wanna um do you want to share
because you on this one he a lot of it's visual. Um, so I just, um, if Alpine, if you want to
jump on real quick.
00:43:11
Derrick Oatway: Do you want me to uh I'll just I have a web page for testing some
endpoints for the sub68 stuff. Do you want me to just show that on?
Dominick Garey: Yeah. And also, if you want to go through again, um, like really quick,
just show the map. If you want to do it again, just like to show our current, um, I really
like it. So, I mean, you know, and then we can just go to the endpoint to show the
updates on it if you if you if that's okay with you, sir.
Derrick Oatway: Uh yeah. Okay. This right page. So yeah, we have so with what we
have now, we're generating a map based on some mock data that we put in, but we're
going to let everybody we're going to start scraping this from the smart contract instead
and make sure everything's still looking right. But yeah, so the way it's set up, you can
click on a DRP and it's running on my local server right now, so it's kind of slow.
00:44:27
Derrick Oatway: You can click on a drep one of these nodes that are just they get
injected from the metadata. It's trying to load and it just to we're trying to figure out what
metadata we need, right? To get a sense. So just based on the metadata we generate
all of this we have a kind of a just a local ecosystem map for that DRAP. We can throw
in a delegate direct button and but all of this comes from the self-report system that
we're putting in this. Yeah. So, it'll automatically it just looks up your DREP ID if you
connect your wallet directs you to become a DREP or find DRS using this system or gov
tools this points to. And yeah, it's just uh it has our extra extended fields which this
should be this is I what I want people
Ratio: No,
Derrick Oatway: to
Ratio: no.
Derrick Oatway: really think about. I was talking to Ben a bit about it, but what are the
extended fields, right? This is zip 119 right here. So what do we want it to like?
00:45:40
Derrick Oatway: We really got to dial this in because right now these generate the map
that I showed ear before in the last page. But what like what really does this look like
and how much do we want to handhold for the for the self-reporting and how much
Yeah. And so that's one of the big things. And so we got a just to test the I kind of went
like an IOHK inspired banner here.
Ratio: Is
Derrick Oatway: Um,
Matthew Capps: Nice.
Ratio: it possible, is it possible to change to a day or whatever that like the white
background?
Dominick Garey: Let me hit that real quick.
Ratio: Please. Yeah. Thank
Derrick Oatway: yep. So, yeah, we I don't even know if I tested this since I updated it.
So, Dominic,
Dominick Garey: Of
Derrick Oatway: you can explain a bit what this is.
Dominick Garey: course. So, right now it's interesting. I I have I have the server open.
So, I see him hit that and I'm looking at it and it's it's awesome. Um, so currently what it
does is and and and this part uh is specifically Alpine.
00:46:43
Dominick Garey: So, when you go to select the DR DREP, it'll automatically populate
all of your 119. Um, so the original stuff that's there. So when he just hit that create right
now, what he actually did was he made it a 721 that had all the 119 on it. Um and then
on the datam he put the extended fields. So and that is right there. So those are the
extended fields. Um yesterday what we did was uh we put some guardrails to make
sure that uh you can only put one um the same person name so that way uh when you
go to the datam doesn't have any confusions there. Um so it'll just check for that name.
Um, and what we've done is you it it sends a payload, takes a name, scrapes a
contract, looks at the uh looks at the contract. Let me see what's up with that.
Derrick Oatway: It's just
Dominick Garey: Oh,
Derrick Oatway: I
Dominick Garey: see.
Derrick Oatway: just I
Dominick Garey: Yes.
Derrick Oatway: hit it And so just
00:47:34
Dominick Garey: So, so that's example of that. So, he tried he tried to put he tried to
resubmit that and it's like, nope, that's already at the contract. Um, so right now we can
we can change that data type for whatever we have it um we've have it written in the
back end. So, it'll come through, take what it's needed to properly submit um uh to the
backend transaction, also to properly filter the metadata and place it wherever we want.
Um the way I kind of think about it is with Cardano metadata, you have three buckets
pretty much. Um you have the uh 721, you've got the um inline datam, and you got the
extra on inline datam that people don't utilize. Stupid. Um anyway, so you've got you
have all those pockets which allow you to display information in ways that you want to.
Um, so we have it, you know, I I I gave it my best call a try just to what we want to
display. Oh, and the final thing, um, and I don't, we have an update as well.
00:48:29
Dominick Garey: Um, so the update request, what that'll do is it still populates the 119
just to keep the API point kind of simple. Um, but what it does is, and it's so cool, I'm
looking at it on the server. So it'll take that information and then it will resubmit that onto
the datam. What I like about this is we take the same information. So on front you'll
always have the extended fields but with the ability right now to rewrite I'm talking about
we can do this right now um in the extra field what is your current opinion on a certain
thing like hey I feel like this about the constitution cons so we can just have an we can
have a field on the bottom where you go to self-report we can just put self-report uh
personal or self-report issues or or a current issue um and they'll send that it'll update
um their extended fields with an extra thing on the datam that shows their opinion. We
could do it with a vote and then after that we already have we've already built the work
just to go ahead scan the um to scan the contract and to for whatever field we want.
00:49:31
Dominick Garey: So we just we just scan it for the current opinion field. Pull it, pull it,
post it. Someone should trademark that. That's good s***. Um so that's uh that's what
we have there. And so we are we're going to update so you guys can have the so we
can have the um uh wallet connect will send a user to that wallet so that way we'll check
for the for that user um policy um before we allow them to update just some checks
here. So we are and then next week we'll add a um we'll add a a gallery so everything
so that way you can just see real time and what I'm going to do with that um I have we
already actually have a wallet that we're sending all the user NFTts to. So the cool thing
about this on our front end we can show the 721 which shows all of their original 119.
Boom. and then on another button or another window we can show their uh their
extended fields.
00:50:30
Dominick Garey: We can we can do whatever we want with it. We can put it wherever
we want. Um but with this PC we've built the functionality to have the soul bound. We
built the functionality of the smart contract to hold and update and we've also provided a
mechanism to update with current events which allow the DREPs to be current and to
give a fresh voice. Um, so we are getting to the place after we finish the gallery where
you can see the credit and I'm sure they'll be talking there. We're getting really close to
like, you know, this is like this is our PC. This is the functionality that we that we were
talking about and here's demonstration of it. Um, we know there's going to be tweaks
and stuff like that, but what we wanted to do is hit you with a hard hit you with a hard
PC, let you play with it, come back with us, we'll update, but this way we have
something to point to like, oh, wait, no, you can do it.
00:51:20
Dominick Garey: You can actually mint it on test net right now. You can update
functionality and you can do that. So, obviously, we'll get the gallery, but we've been
cooking and we're about ready for people to start eating, of course.
Matthew Capps: But after that we'll jump to
Dominick Garey: Yeah.
Derrick Oatway: Yeah,
Matthew Capps: your question.
Derrick Oatway: I think really diving into what the metadata should be, what are the
extended fields and how much handholding is there. That's my like for me that's that's
what I'm wondering, right? Like what what does that form look like for the self-reporting
and
Matthew Capps: So maybe we should get some uh some dreps in there to or
delegators like look at it and test it out and see what they think.
Derrick Oatway: Yeah. Well, like yeah, we'll get it we'll get it pushed up and a few
guard rails in and then yeah, we'll
Dominick Garey: Yeah.
Derrick Oatway: we'll find out the experience.
Dominick Garey: And and right now there there and just to know there's a little bit of a
gap because theoretically you signing with your wallet.
00:52:24
Dominick Garey: Alpine he's already written a program where it'll take your wallet script
the 119 pre-populate your form. So that way you're just you're throwing that on your soul
bound. So that's there. But right now, uh, we've got workarounds. Come on, this is
Cardono. But we're on test net, you know what I mean? So, we will not show the the
actual soulbound where it connects to DREP. It'll populate the address and then we'll
make sure that address that you're logging in with is the same from 119. So, that'll be
our security check there. And we'll we got some more validation in the background.
We're going to use all all the uh the lovely tools of Cardono that we've spent so long
familiarizing oursel with. Um but yeah, so just a little things like that on the update, but
Matthew Capps: people into that and uh we've got to I I've got a drop also in like one
minute here but ratio any final words
Ratio: Now, I just need a coordinate with the Alpine and well again about the front end
repo. And
Matthew Capps: all right sounds
Ratio: we can do that
Matthew Capps: good
Ratio: in discord, I guess.
Matthew Capps: yeah so you guys can connect but that thanks guys uh I'll be posting
the after call post after this so uh watch out for that and otherwise we'll see you async
and next
Ben O'Hanlon: Will it be native
Ratio: Hey,
Ben O'Hanlon: video in the
Ratio: Matt.
Ben O'Hanlon: telephone?
Matthew Capps: See you guys.
Ben O'Hanlon: Okay.
Dominick Garey: okay, then
Ratio: I need. I need minutes minutes and video links.
Matthew Capps: Minutes will do.
Ratio: Thank
Matthew Capps: So
Ratio: you.
Matthew Capps: let's get ratio. See you guys.
Dominick Garey: Let us.
Kevin Mohr: Me too me too.
Dominick Garey: Yes, sir.
Kevin Mohr: All right. Bye-bye.
Newman Lanier: But thanks, Ciao.
Transcription ended after 00:54:07
This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can
also change the text after it was created.
