# üìù Notes
## Meeting Feb 12, 2025 at 08:56 CST
## Meeting records Transcript File


### Summary
The DREP Collective Meeting Number Six, moderated by Matthew Capps,
covered workstream updates (including funding needs), Dagwell's progress
on metadata standards (needing community awareness), and partnership
exploration (with Intersect, XSPO, and at the Hawaiian Blockchain
Summit). Ben O'Hanlon, Kevin Mohr, Dominick Garey, Derrick Oatway,
and Ratio presented updates on ecosystem mapping, GitHub workflow
improvements, and website/smart contract development, highlighting the
need for refined metadata and clearer self-reporting processes. Next steps
include securing funding, improving metadata standards awareness, and
finalizing partnership proposals.
Details

#### ‚óè Meeting Logistics and Introductions: The meeting, DREP Collective Meeting
Number Six (00:04:20), experienced initial technical difficulties with participant
Ben O'Hanlon's connection (00:01:13), but they eventually joined. New
attendees, including Glafkos Mitsidis, introduced themselves (00:04:20).
Matthew Capps became the meeting moderator (00:08:44).
#### ‚óè Workstream Updates & Coordination: Kevin Mohr provided a summary of the
previous meeting's highlights, which included identifying leads and contributors
for each workstream and reviewing website progress (00:04:20). They also
reported on their coordination tasks, including moderation setup across different
platforms, minute consolidation on GitHub, and plans for promotional campaigns
and ecosystem mapping (00:08:44). Funding was identified as a crucial next
step, particularly for development work (00:09:48).
#### ‚óè Dagwell (Metadata Standards) Update: Dominick Garey, representing Dagwell,
shared their progress on metadata standards, explaining that the process of
registering with Puro for carbon credit distribution highlighted the need for
improved metadata organization (00:10:54). They described reaching a feedback
stage for their proposed standard. Ben O'Hanlon suggested a workstream to
raise awareness of this work within the wider community (00:11:56).
#### ‚óè Partnerships: Matthew Capps discussed partnerships, noting the need to
identify existing partnerships and explore new ones. They mentioned Intersect
as a potential partner, emphasizing the need for a proposal outlining the project's
value proposition and timeline (00:13:16). The discussion also included potential
partnerships with XSPO, DAO builders, and involvement in the Hawaiian
Blockchain Summit to reach Japanese DREPs (00:18:10). Dominick Garey
suggested leveraging Cardano's governance structures to pursue partnerships
wherever Cardano communities meet (00:21:11).
#### ‚óè Ecosystem Mapping: Ben O'Hanlon, head of ecosystem mapping (00:22:03),
outlined their approach, focusing on creating a brief to attract creatives and
addressing the need for clarity regarding potential funding and commitments
(00:22:57). They highlighted the importance of managing expectations around
potential future funding (00:27:29).
#### ‚óè GitHub Development and Workflow: Ratio presented a detailed overview of the
DREP Collective's GitHub account, showcasing three forms (onboarding,
workstream report, and developer feedback) designed to streamline
communication and workflow (00:32:11) (00:38:45). They also presented the
team structure, issue tracking system, and project board within the GitHub
account to manage work streams (00:39:36).
#### ‚óè Alpine and Dagwell (Website & Smart Contracts) Update: Derrick Oatway
(Alpine) demonstrated the progress on the ecosystem map, highlighting the use
of self-reported metadata and extended fields as defined in SIP 119 (00:43:11).
They stressed the need to refine the metadata and the self-reporting process
(00:44:27). Dominick Garey explained their work on the backend, emphasizing
the ability to update metadata dynamically and the integration with smart
contracts (00:46:43). They presented a proof of concept demonstrating the
minting, updating, and querying of metadata using the smart contract (00:50:30).
A key discussion point was determining the necessary extended fields and the
level of hand-holding needed for self-reporting (00:44:27) (00:51:20). They also
confirmed that future plans include adding real-time gallery functionality and
improved wallet integration (00:49:31).
### Suggested next steps
#### Ben O'Hanlon will scope out a brief to share with creators regarding ecosystem
mapping, addressing the questions of 'why this, why me, why you, why now'.
#### Matthew Capps will identify existing partnerships and check with each workstream
owner about partnership needs, noting existing partnerships like Intersect,
XSPO, DAO builders, and the Hawaiian Blockchain Summit.
#### The group will focus attention on using GitHub for communication and collaboration,
creating accounts if needed.
#### The group will provide feedback on the current work regarding metadata standards,
specifically focusing on extended fields, the self-reporting form, and how much
handholding is needed for the self-reporting process.
#### You should review Gemini's notes to make sure they're accurate. Get tips and learn how
