##### Source: The DRep Collective Discsord

# Meeting Minutes 22-Jan-2025
- Rcording - [here](https://youtu.be/xkdYsPNOkdg) - *poor audio*
- Location: The Drep Collective  Discord server

## Summary `via Kevin M`
- The first part is me going over the quality of the logo which we agree needs to have less of a theme of centralization and more of a theme of giving back. 
- We will keep the base of the logo but add waves going outward or any other suggestions people may have.
- We also talked about the need to still update and improve the meta data standards.
- We also need to make sure the map we are creating right now fits with Ben's vision and is quality.
- Lastly, we talked about the AI chatbot and the need to get the github going.
- "That's essentially the entirety of the meeting."
